# DO NOT DELETE

gconfig.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gconfig.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gscdefs.h gconfigv.h gconf.h
gconfig.o: gconfig.h ../config.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gconfig.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gconfig.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h
gconfig.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gconfig.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxiodev.h stat_.h

gdevabuf.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gdevabuf.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gdevabuf.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gdevabuf.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gdevabuf.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gdevabuf.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h
gdevabuf.o: gxbitops.h

gdevbbox.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gdevbbox.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsparam.h
gdevbbox.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h
gdevbbox.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gdevbbox.o: gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gdevbbox.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsmalloc.h gsdevice.h
gdevbbox.o: gdevbbox.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gxiparam.h gxistate.h gxline.h
gdevbbox.o: gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gxpaint.h gxpath.h gscpm.h
gdevbbox.o: gspenum.h gsrect.h gxcpath.h

gdevcups.o: std.h stdpre.h gdevprn.h memory_.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h
gdevcups.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gp.h
gdevcups.o: gpgetenv.h gserrors.h gsmatrix.h gsutil.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gdevcups.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gdevcups.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gdevcups.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gdevcups.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h gxht.h
gdevcups.o: gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxtmap.h gxdht.h strimpl.h
gdevcups.o: scommon.h scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h srlx.h gxclist.h gscspace.h
gdevcups.o: gxband.h gxclio.h gxbcache.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h
gdevcups.o: gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gsexit.h ../filter/raster.h ../cups/ppd.h

gdevdbit.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gdevdbit.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h gsbittab.h
gdevdbit.o: gsrect.h gsropt.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gdevdbit.o: gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gdevdbit.o: gsbitops.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gdevdbit.o: gsrefct.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gdevdbit.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h
gdevdbit.o: gxcpath.h

gdevddrw.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gdevddrw.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h
gdevddrw.o: gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h
gdevddrw.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gdevddrw.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gdevddrw.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gdevddrw.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxiparam.h gxistate.h gxline.h
gdevddrw.o: gslparam.h gxtmap.h

gdevdflt.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gdevdflt.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsropt.h gxcomp.h
gdevdflt.o: gscompt.h gsrefct.h gxbitfmt.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gsdcolor.h
gdevdflt.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gdevdflt.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gdevdflt.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
gdevdflt.o: gxdevmem.h

gdevdgbr.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gdevdgbr.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gdevdgbr.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gdevdgbr.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gdevdgbr.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gdevdgbr.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxgetbit.h
gdevdgbr.o: gxbitfmt.h gxlum.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h

gdevhit.o: std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gserrors.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gdevhit.o: gsmemraw.h gxdevice.h stdio_.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gdevhit.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gdevhit.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h
gdevhit.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gdevhit.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h

gdevm16.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gdevm16.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gdevm16.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gdevm16.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gdevm16.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gdevm16.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h

gdevm1.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gdevm1.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gdevm1.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gdevm1.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gdevm1.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gdevm1.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h

gdevm24.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gdevm24.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gdevm24.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gdevm24.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gdevm24.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gdevm24.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h

gdevm2.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gdevm2.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gdevm2.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gdevm2.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gdevm2.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gdevm2.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h

gdevm32.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gdevm32.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gdevm32.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gdevm32.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gdevm32.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gdevm32.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h

gdevm4.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gdevm4.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gdevm4.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gdevm4.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gdevm4.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gdevm4.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h

gdevm8.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gdevm8.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gdevm8.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gdevm8.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gdevm8.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gdevm8.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h

gdevmem.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gdevmem.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsrect.h gsstruct.h
gdevmem.o: gxarith.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gdevmem.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h
gdevmem.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h
gdevmem.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxgetbit.h
gdevmem.o: gxbitfmt.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h

gdevmpla.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gdevmpla.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gdevmpla.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gdevmpla.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gdevmpla.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gdevmpla.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h

gdevnfwd.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gdevnfwd.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gdevnfwd.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gdevnfwd.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gdevnfwd.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gdevnfwd.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h

gdevpipe.o: errno_.h std.h stdpre.h pipe_.h stdio_.h string_.h gserror.h
gdevpipe.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h stream.h scommon.h gsstruct.h
gdevpipe.o: gxiodev.h stat_.h

gdevprn.o: ctype_.h std.h stdpre.h gdevprn.h memory_.h string_.h gx.h
gdevprn.o: stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h
gdevprn.o: gp.h gpgetenv.h gserrors.h gsmatrix.h gsutil.h gxdevice.h
gdevprn.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h
gdevprn.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h
gdevprn.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gdevprn.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h
gdevprn.o: gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxtmap.h gxdht.h
gdevprn.o: strimpl.h scommon.h scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h srlx.h gxclist.h
gdevprn.o: gscspace.h gxband.h gxclio.h gxbcache.h gxistate.h gscsel.h
gdevprn.o: gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h

gp_getnv.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h
gp_getnv.o: gp.h gpgetenv.h

gp_nofb.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gp_nofb.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gp.h gpgetenv.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gp_nofb.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gp_nofb.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gp_nofb.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gp_nofb.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h

gp_nsync.o: std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gserrors.h gpsync.h

gp_unifn.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gp_unifn.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gp.h gpgetenv.h

gp_unifs.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gp_unifs.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gp.h gpgetenv.h
gp_unifs.o: gsstruct.h gsutil.h stat_.h dirent_.h ../config.h ../cups/cups.h
gp_unifs.o: ../cups/ipp.h ../cups/http.h ../cups/md5.h ../cups/ppd.h

gp_unix.o: pipe_.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h time_.h ../config.h gx.h
gp_unix.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gsexit.h
gp_unix.o: gp.h gpgetenv.h

gsalloc.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gsalloc.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gserrors.h gsmdebug.h gsstruct.h
gsalloc.o: gxalloc.h gsalloc.h gxobj.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h stream.h
gsalloc.o: scommon.h

gsalpha.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gsalpha.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gsalpha.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h
gsalpha.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gsalpha.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h
gsalpha.o: gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h
gsalpha.o: gsmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h
gsalpha.o: gxstate.h

gsargs.o: ctype_.h std.h stdpre.h stdio_.h string_.h gsexit.h gsmemory.h
gsargs.o: gsmemraw.h gsargs.h

gsbitops.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gdebug.h gstypes.h gxbitops.h
gsbitops.o: gsbitops.h

gsbittab.o: stdpre.h gsbittab.h

gscdefs.o: stdpre.h gscdefs.h gconfigv.h gconf.h gconfig.h ../config.h

gscdevn.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gscdevn.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsrefct.h gsmatrix.h gxcspace.h
gscdevn.o: gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h

gschar0.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gschar0.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gsfcmap.h
gschar0.o: gsccode.h gxfixed.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gschar0.o: gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gschar0.o: gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
gschar0.o: gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h
gschar0.o: gxchar.h gschar.h gscpm.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h
gschar0.o: gxfont0.h

gschar.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gschar.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h string_.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gschar.o: gxfixed.h gxarith.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gzstate.h gscpm.h
gschar.o: gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxbitmap.h
gschar.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h
gschar.o: gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
gschar.o: gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxcoord.h gscoord.h gxdevice.h
gschar.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gschar.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxchar.h gschar.h
gschar.o: gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h gxfont0.h gxfcache.h gxbcache.h
gschar.o: gspath.h gspenum.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gsrect.h

gscie.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gscie.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gsmatrix.h
gscie.o: gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gscolor2.h
gscie.o: gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gscie.h
gscie.o: gsrefct.h gxctable.h gxfixed.h gxarith.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gscie.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h
gscie.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gscie.o: gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h gxtmap.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gxdcolor.h
gscie.o: gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
gscie.o: gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h

gsclipsr.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsclipsr.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsclipsr.h

gscolor1.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gscolor1.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gsutil.h
gscolor1.o: gsccolor.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxdcconv.h
gscolor1.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gscolor1.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gscolor1.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gscolor1.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h
gscolor1.o: gxtmap.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gxdcolor.h gxistate.h gxline.h
gscolor1.o: gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h
gscolor1.o: gsht.h gxstate.h gscolor1.h

gscolor2.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gscolor2.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxarith.h gxfixed.h
gscolor2.o: gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h
gscolor2.o: gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxcolor2.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h
gscolor2.o: gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsrefct.h gzstate.h gscpm.h
gscolor2.o: gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h
gscolor2.o: gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h
gscolor2.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h

gscolor3.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gscolor3.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gscspace.h gsmatrix.h
gscolor3.o: gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gsuid.h
gscolor3.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gscolor3.h gspath.h gspenum.h gzstate.h
gscolor3.o: gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h
gscolor3.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h
gscolor3.o: gxfixed.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h
gscolor3.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxshade.h
gscolor3.o: gsshade.h gsdsrc.h gsfunc.h stream.h scommon.h

gscolor.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gscolor.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gsutil.h gsccolor.h
gscolor.o: gxcspace.h gscspace.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxdcconv.h gxdevice.h
gscolor.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gscolor.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gscolor.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gscolor.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h gxtmap.h
gscolor.o: gzstate.h gscpm.h gxdcolor.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gscolor.o: gxmatrix.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h
gscolor.o: gxstate.h

gscoord.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gscoord.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsccode.h gxfarith.h
gscoord.o: gconfigv.h gxarith.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxfont.h
gscoord.o: gsfont.h gsuid.h gsstruct.h gxftype.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h
gscoord.o: gspenum.h gsrect.h gzstate.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h
gscoord.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gscoord.o: gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h gxtmap.h
gscoord.o: gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxcoord.h
gscoord.o: gscoord.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h
gscoord.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h

gscparam.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gscparam.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsparam.h
gscparam.o: gsstruct.h

gscpixel.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gscpixel.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsrefct.h gxcspace.h
gscpixel.o: gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gscpixel.h
gscpixel.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gscpixel.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gscpixel.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gscpixel.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h

gscrdp.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gscrdp.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gsdevice.h gserrors.h
gscrdp.o: gsmatrix.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gscsel.h
gscrdp.o: gxfrac.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h
gscrdp.o: gsbitmap.h gscrdp.h gscie.h gsrefct.h gxctable.h gxfixed.h
gscrdp.o: gsparam.h gxarith.h gsmalloc.h

gscrd.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gscrd.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gscdefs.h gconfigv.h
gscrd.o: gsdevice.h gserrors.h gsmatrix.h gsparam.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h
gscrd.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h
gscrd.o: gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gscrd.h gscie.h gsrefct.h
gscrd.o: gxctable.h gxfixed.h

gscscie.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gscscie.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gsmatrix.h
gscscie.o: gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gscolor2.h
gscscie.o: gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gscie.h
gscscie.o: gsrefct.h gxctable.h gxfixed.h gxarith.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gscscie.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h
gscscie.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gscscie.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h gxtmap.h gzstate.h gscpm.h
gscscie.o: gxdcolor.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gsstate.h
gscscie.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h

gscsepr.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gscsepr.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsrefct.h gsmatrix.h gscsepr.h
gscsepr.o: gscspace.h gxcspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h
gscsepr.o: gxfixed.h gxcolor2.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h
gscsepr.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h
gscsepr.o: gxarith.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h
gscsepr.o: gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h
gscsepr.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h

gscspace.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gscspace.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gsccolor.h
gscspace.o: gxcspace.h gscspace.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxistate.h gsrefct.h
gscspace.o: gsropt.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h
gscspace.o: gsmatrix.h gxtmap.h

gsdevice.o: ctype_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h
gsdevice.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h
gsdevice.o: gscdefs.h gconfigv.h gserrors.h gp.h gpgetenv.h gsstruct.h
gsdevice.o: gspath.h gspenum.h gspaint.h gsmatrix.h gscoord.h gzstate.h
gsdevice.o: gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gsdevice.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gsdevice.o: gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gsdevice.o: gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h
gsdevice.o: gsht.h gxstate.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h gxfrac.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gsdevice.o: gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gsdevice.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h

gsdevmem.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gsdevmem.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxarith.h
gsdevmem.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h
gsdevmem.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h
gsdevmem.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h
gsdevmem.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h

gsdparam.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gsdparam.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsparam.h
gsdparam.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h
gsdparam.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gsdparam.o: gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gsdparam.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsmalloc.h

gsdps1.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsdps1.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsmatrix.h gscoord.h
gsdps1.o: gspaint.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gsdps1.o: gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gsdps1.o: gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gsdps1.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
gsdps1.o: gxmatrix.h gspath.h gspenum.h gspath2.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h
gsdps1.o: gslparam.h gsrect.h gzcpath.h gxcpath.h gzstate.h gxdcolor.h
gsdps1.o: gscsel.h gxistate.h gxline.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
gsdps1.o: gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h

gsdsrc.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsdsrc.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gsdsrc.h gsstruct.h gserrors.h
gsdsrc.o: stream.h scommon.h

gsfcmap.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gsfcmap.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gxfcmap.h gsfcmap.h
gsfcmap.o: gsccode.h gsuid.h

gsfont0.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsfont0.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gxfixed.h
gsfont0.o: gsmatrix.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gsfont0.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gsfont0.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h
gsfont0.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxchar.h
gsfont0.o: gschar.h gscpm.h gxfcache.h gsuid.h gxbcache.h gxftype.h gxfont.h
gsfont0.o: gsfont.h gxfont0.h

gsfont.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gsfont.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gxfixed.h
gsfont.o: gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h
gsfont.o: gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gsfont.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h
gsfont.o: gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
gsfont.o: gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gsfont.o: gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gsfont.o: gsmalloc.h gschar.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h gxfcache.h
gsfont.o: gxbcache.h

gsfunc0.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsfunc0.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsfunc0.h gsfunc.h
gsfunc0.o: gsdsrc.h gsstruct.h gxfarith.h gconfigv.h gxarith.h gxfunc.h

gsfunc3.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsfunc3.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsfunc3.h gsfunc.h
gsfunc3.o: gsdsrc.h gsstruct.h gxfunc.h

gsfunc.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gsfunc.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxfunc.h gsfunc.h gsstruct.h

gshsb.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gshsb.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gshsb.h gxfrac.h

gsht1.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsht1.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gsutil.h
gsht1.o: gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h
gsht1.o: gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gsht1.o: gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxline.h
gsht1.o: gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
gsht1.o: gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gsht1.o: gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gsht1.o: gsmalloc.h gzht.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gxhttype.h gxfmap.h
gsht1.o: gxfrac.h gxdht.h

gshtscr.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gshtscr.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h
gshtscr.o: gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h
gshtscr.o: gsccolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gshtscr.o: gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gshtscr.o: gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
gshtscr.o: gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gshtscr.o: gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gshtscr.o: gsmalloc.h gzht.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gxhttype.h gxfmap.h
gshtscr.o: gxfrac.h gxdht.h

gsht.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsht.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gsutil.h
gsht.o: gxarith.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h
gsht.o: gsccolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gsht.o: gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gsht.o: gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
gsht.o: gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h
gsht.o: gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gzht.h
gsht.o: gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gxhttype.h gxfmap.h gxfrac.h gxdht.h

gsimage.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsimage.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gscspace.h
gsimage.o: gsmatrix.h gsimage.h gsiparam.h gxarith.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gsimage.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gsimage.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gsimage.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
gsimage.o: gxiparam.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h gspenum.h gsrect.h
gsimage.o: gzstate.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gxistate.h gxline.h gxmatrix.h
gsimage.o: gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h

gsimpath.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsimpath.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsmatrix.h gsstate.h
gsimpath.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h
gsimpath.o: gspath.h gspenum.h

gsinit.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gdebug.h gscdefs.h gconfigv.h
gsinit.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsmalloc.h gp.h gpgetenv.h gslib.h

gsiodev.o: errno_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gsiodev.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gp.h
gsiodev.o: gpgetenv.h gscdefs.h gconfigv.h gsparam.h gsstruct.h gxiodev.h
gsiodev.o: stat_.h

gsline.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gsline.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxfixed.h
gsline.o: gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h
gsline.o: gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gsline.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h
gsline.o: gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
gsline.o: gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gzline.h

gsmalloc.o: malloc_.h std.h stdpre.h gdebug.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h
gsmalloc.o: gsmdebug.h gsstruct.h gsmalloc.h

gsmatrix.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsmatrix.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxfarith.h gconfigv.h
gsmatrix.o: gxarith.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h

gsmemory.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h
gsmemory.o: gsmdebug.h gsrefct.h gsstruct.h

gsmisc.o: ctype_.h std.h stdpre.h malloc_.h math_.h memory_.h string_.h gx.h
gsmisc.o: stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h
gsmisc.o: gpcheck.h gserrors.h gconfigv.h gxfarith.h gxarith.h gxfixed.h

gsnorop.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gsnorop.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsrop.h gsropt.h gxdevcli.h
gsnorop.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gsnorop.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gsnorop.o: gsrefct.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gsnorop.o: gsccode.h gdevmrop.h

gspaint.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gspaint.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h gsropt.h
gspaint.o: gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gspaint.h gspath.h gspenum.h
gspaint.o: gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h gsrect.h gsrefct.h gsstruct.h
gspaint.o: gxpaint.h gzstate.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gspaint.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gspaint.o: gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
gspaint.o: gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gspaint.o: gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gspaint.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxcpath.h

gsparams.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsparams.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gserrors.h gsparams.h
gsparams.o: stream.h scommon.h gsstruct.h gsparam.h

gsparam.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gsparam.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsparam.h
gsparam.o: gsstruct.h

gspath1.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gspath1.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gxfixed.h
gspath1.o: gxfarith.h gconfigv.h gxarith.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gzstate.h
gspath1.o: gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gspath1.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h
gspath1.o: gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h
gspath1.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gspath.h gspenum.h
gspath1.o: gzpath.h gxpath.h gsrect.h gscoord.h

gspath.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gspath.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h
gspath.o: gscoord.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h
gspath.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gspath.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h
gspath.o: gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
gspath.o: gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gspenum.h gsrect.h
gspath.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h
gspath.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gzcpath.h
gspath.o: gxcpath.h

gspcolor.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gspcolor.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsrop.h gsropt.h
gspcolor.o: gsstruct.h gsutil.h gxarith.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h
gspcolor.o: gxcoord.h gscoord.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gscsel.h
gspcolor.o: gxfrac.h gxcolor2.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h
gspcolor.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h gxhttile.h
gspcolor.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h
gspcolor.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gspcolor.o: gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxclip2.h gxmclip.h gxclip.h gspath.h
gspcolor.o: gspenum.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h gsrect.h gxp1fill.h
gspcolor.o: gxpcolor.h gxpcache.h gzstate.h gxistate.h gxline.h gxtmap.h
gspcolor.o: gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h
gspcolor.o: gsimage.h gsiparm4.h

gsshade.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gsshade.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gscspace.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gxdevcli.h
gsshade.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gsshade.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gsshade.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gsshade.o: gsccode.h gxcpath.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gsshade.o: gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gxshade.h
gsshade.o: gsshade.h gsdsrc.h gsfunc.h stream.h scommon.h

gsstate.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gsstate.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gsutil.h
gsstate.o: gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h
gsstate.o: gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gsstate.o: gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxline.h
gsstate.o: gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
gsstate.o: gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gxfrac.h
gsstate.o: gsalpha.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h gscoord.h
gsstate.o: gscie.h gxctable.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gsstate.o: gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gsstate.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxpcache.h gzht.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h
gsstate.o: gxhttype.h gxdht.h gzline.h gspath.h gspenum.h gzpath.h gxpath.h
gsstate.o: gsrect.h gzcpath.h gxcpath.h

gstext.o: std.h stdpre.h gstypes.h gdebug.h gserror.h gserrors.h gsmemory.h
gstext.o: gsmemraw.h gsstruct.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gstext.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gstext.o: gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gstext.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h
gstext.o: gspenum.h gsrect.h gzstate.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gxistate.h
gstext.o: gxline.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
gstext.o: gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h

gstrap.o: string_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gstrap.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gstrap.h gsparam.h

gstype1.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gstype1.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gstype1.o: gxarith.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxcoord.h gscoord.h
gstype1.o: gxistate.h gscsel.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h
gstype1.o: gslparam.h gxtmap.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h
gstype1.o: gxfont.h gsccode.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h gxfont1.h gxtype1.h
gstype1.o: gscrypt1.h gstype1.h gxop1.h

gstype2.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gstype2.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gstype2.o: gxarith.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxcoord.h gscoord.h
gstype2.o: gxistate.h gscsel.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h
gstype2.o: gslparam.h gxtmap.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h
gstype2.o: gxfont.h gsccode.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h gxfont1.h gxtype1.h
gstype2.o: gscrypt1.h gstype1.h gxop1.h

gstype42.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gstype42.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gsccode.h
gstype42.o: gsmatrix.h gxfixed.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h gspenum.h
gstype42.o: gsrect.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h gxfont42.h
gstype42.o: gxistate.h gscsel.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h
gstype42.o: gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h

gsutil.o: string_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gstypes.h gconfigv.h gsmemory.h
gsutil.o: gsmemraw.h gsrect.h gsuid.h gsutil.h

gxacpath.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxacpath.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsrop.h gsropt.h
gxacpath.o: gsstruct.h gsutil.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gxacpath.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gxacpath.o: gscompt.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gxacpath.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
gxacpath.o: gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gxpaint.h
gxacpath.o: gzcpath.h gxcpath.h gzacpath.h

gxbcache.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxbcache.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gsmdebug.h gxbcache.h gxbitmap.h
gxbcache.o: gsbitmap.h gsstruct.h

gxccache.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxccache.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gxccache.o: gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h
gxccache.o: gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gxccache.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h
gxccache.o: gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
gxccache.o: gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gspenum.h
gxccache.o: gsrect.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h
gxccache.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h
gxccache.o: gzcpath.h gxcpath.h gxchar.h gschar.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h
gxccache.o: gxftype.h gxfcache.h gxbcache.h gxxfont.h gscspace.h gsimage.h

gxccman.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gxccman.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gxccman.o: gsbitops.h gsutil.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gzstate.h
gxccman.o: gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gxccman.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsropt.h
gxccman.o: gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h
gxccman.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gzpath.h gxpath.h
gxccman.o: gspenum.h gsrect.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h
gxccman.o: gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
gxccman.o: gxdevmem.h gxchar.h gschar.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h
gxccman.o: gxfcache.h gxbcache.h gxxfont.h

gxcht.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxcht.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsutil.h gxarith.h
gxcht.o: gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gxcht.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gxcht.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
gxcht.o: gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h
gxcht.o: gscsel.h gxfmap.h gxfrac.h gxtmap.h gxdcolor.h gxistate.h gxline.h
gxcht.o: gslparam.h gzht.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h
gxcht.o: gxdht.h

gxclbits.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxclbits.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h gsbitops.h
gxclbits.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h
gxclbits.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsmatrix.h
gxclbits.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h
gxclbits.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h
gxclbits.o: gxcldev.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxtmap.h
gxclbits.o: gxdht.h strimpl.h scommon.h scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h srlx.h
gxclbits.o: gxclist.h gscspace.h gxband.h gxclio.h gp.h gpgetenv.h gxbcache.h
gxclbits.o: gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxfmap.h
gxclbits.o: gxfrac.h

gxclimag.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxclimag.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gscspace.h
gxclimag.o: gxarith.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gxclimag.o: gsstruct.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gxclimag.o: gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gxclimag.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
gxclimag.o: gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h
gxclimag.o: gxtmap.h gxdht.h strimpl.h scommon.h scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h
gxclimag.o: srlx.h gxclist.h gxband.h gxclio.h gp.h gpgetenv.h gxbcache.h
gxclimag.o: gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxclpath.h
gxclimag.o: gxfmap.h gxfrac.h gxiparam.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h
gxclimag.o: siscale.h gconfigv.h

gxclip2.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxclip2.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gxdevice.h
gxclip2.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gxclip2.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gxclip2.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gxclip2.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxclip2.h
gxclip2.o: gxmclip.h gxclip.h

gxclipm.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxclipm.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gxclipm.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gxclipm.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gxclipm.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gxclipm.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxclipm.h gxmclip.h
gxclipm.o: gxclip.h

gxclip.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gxclip.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gxclip.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gxclip.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h
gxclip.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gxclip.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxclip.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h
gxclip.o: gspenum.h gsrect.h gzcpath.h gxcpath.h

gxclist.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxclist.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gp.h gpgetenv.h gpcheck.h
gxclist.o: gserrors.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gxclist.o: gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gxclist.o: gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
gxclist.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gxclist.o: gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h
gxclist.o: gxhttype.h gxtmap.h gxdht.h strimpl.h scommon.h scfx.h shc.h
gxclist.o: gsbittab.h srlx.h gxclist.h gscspace.h gxband.h gxclio.h
gxclist.o: gxbcache.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h
gxclist.o: gxclpath.h gsparams.h stream.h

gxclmem.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxclmem.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsmalloc.h gxclmem.h
gxclmem.o: gxclio.h gp.h gpgetenv.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsstruct.h
gxclmem.o: ../config.h

gxclpage.o: gdevprn.h memory_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h
gxclpage.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gp.h
gxclpage.o: gpgetenv.h gserrors.h gsmatrix.h gsutil.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gxclpage.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gxclpage.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gxclpage.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gxclpage.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h gxht.h
gxclpage.o: gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxtmap.h gxdht.h strimpl.h
gxclpage.o: scommon.h scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h srlx.h gxclist.h gscspace.h
gxclpage.o: gxband.h gxclio.h gxbcache.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h
gxclpage.o: gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxclpage.h

gxclpath.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxclpath.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h
gxclpath.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h
gxclpath.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gxclpath.o: gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gxclpath.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
gxclpath.o: gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h
gxclpath.o: gxtmap.h gxdht.h strimpl.h scommon.h scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h
gxclpath.o: srlx.h gxclist.h gscspace.h gxband.h gxclio.h gp.h gpgetenv.h
gxclpath.o: gxbcache.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h
gxclpath.o: gxclpath.h gxcolor2.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h
gxclpath.o: gxpaint.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gzcpath.h
gxclpath.o: gxcpath.h

gxclrast.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxclrast.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gp.h gpgetenv.h gpcheck.h
gxclrast.o: gserrors.h gsbitops.h gsparams.h stream.h scommon.h gsstruct.h
gxclrast.o: gsparam.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
gxclrast.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gxclrast.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsropt.h
gxclrast.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gxclrast.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gxclrast.o: gsmalloc.h gscoord.h gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h
gxclrast.o: gsht1.h gxhttype.h gxdht.h strimpl.h scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h
gxclrast.o: srlx.h gxclist.h gscspace.h gxband.h gxclio.h gxbcache.h
gxclrast.o: gxistate.h gxline.h gxmatrix.h gxclpath.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h
gxclrast.o: gxfrac.h gxcspace.h gxgetbit.h gxbitfmt.h gxpaint.h gdevht.h
gxclrast.o: gzht.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gzcpath.h
gxclrast.o: gxcpath.h gzacpath.h

gxclread.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxclread.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gp.h gpgetenv.h gpcheck.h
gxclread.o: gserrors.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gxclread.o: gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gxclread.o: gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
gxclread.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gxclread.o: gsmalloc.h gscoord.h gsdevice.h gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h gxht.h
gxclread.o: gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxtmap.h gxdht.h strimpl.h
gxclread.o: scommon.h scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h srlx.h gxclist.h gscspace.h
gxclread.o: gxband.h gxclio.h gxbcache.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h
gxclread.o: gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxgetbit.h gxbitfmt.h gdevht.h gzht.h
gxclread.o: gxfmap.h gxfrac.h stream.h

gxclrect.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxclrect.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsutil.h gxdevice.h
gxclrect.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h
gxclrect.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h
gxclrect.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h
gxclrect.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h
gxclrect.o: gxcldev.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxtmap.h
gxclrect.o: gxdht.h strimpl.h scommon.h scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h srlx.h
gxclrect.o: gxclist.h gscspace.h gxband.h gxclio.h gp.h gpgetenv.h gxbcache.h
gxclrect.o: gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h

gxclutil.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxclutil.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gp.h gpgetenv.h
gxclutil.o: gpcheck.h gserrors.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gxclutil.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gxclutil.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h
gxclutil.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gxclutil.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h
gxclutil.o: gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxtmap.h gxdht.h strimpl.h scommon.h
gxclutil.o: scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h srlx.h gxclist.h gscspace.h gxband.h
gxclutil.o: gxclio.h gxbcache.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gxclutil.o: gxmatrix.h gxclpath.h gsparams.h stream.h

gxclzlib.o: ../config.h std.h stdpre.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h
gxclzlib.o: gxclmem.h gxclio.h gp.h gpgetenv.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsstruct.h
gxclzlib.o: szlibx.h

gxcmap.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gxcmap.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxalpha.h
gxcmap.o: gxcspace.h gscspace.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxfarith.h gconfigv.h
gxcmap.o: gxarith.h gxdcconv.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gxcmap.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h
gxcmap.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h
gxcmap.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h
gxcmap.o: gxtmap.h gxlum.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gxdcolor.h gxistate.h gxline.h
gxcmap.o: gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h
gxcmap.o: gsht.h gxstate.h gxdither.h

gxcpath.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gxcpath.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gsutil.h gsline.h
gxcpath.o: gslparam.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gxcpath.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gxcpath.o: gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gxcpath.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
gxcpath.o: gscoord.h gxstate.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h
gxcpath.o: gzcpath.h gxcpath.h

gxctable.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxctable.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxfixed.h gxfrac.h gxctable.h

gxdcconv.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxdcconv.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h
gxdcconv.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gxdcconv.o: gxdcconv.h gxfrac.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsmatrix.h
gxdcconv.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h
gxdcconv.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h
gxdcconv.o: gscsel.h gxfmap.h gxtmap.h gxfarith.h gconfigv.h gxlum.h
gxdcconv.o: gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h

gxdcolor.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxdcolor.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsbittab.h gxdcolor.h
gxdcolor.o: gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gxdcolor.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxdevice.h
gxdcolor.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsxfont.h
gxdcolor.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gxdcolor.o: gsmalloc.h

gxdither.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxdither.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gsstruct.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gxdither.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gxdither.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gxdither.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gxdither.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxlum.h gxcmap.h gscsel.h gxfmap.h
gxdither.o: gxfrac.h gxtmap.h gxdither.h gzht.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h
gxdither.o: gsht.h gxhttype.h gxdht.h

gxfill.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxfill.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gxfixed.h
gxfill.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h
gxfill.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h
gxfill.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h
gxfill.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h
gxfill.o: gslparam.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gzcpath.h gxcpath.h gxdcolor.h
gxfill.o: gscsel.h gxistate.h gxline.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gxpaint.h

gxhint1.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gxhint1.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxarith.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h
gxhint1.o: gsmatrix.h gxfont.h gsccode.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gsstruct.h
gxhint1.o: gxftype.h gxfont1.h gxtype1.h gscrypt1.h gstype1.h gxop1.h

gxhint2.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxhint2.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxarith.h gxfixed.h
gxhint2.o: gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxfont.h gsccode.h gsfont.h gsuid.h
gxhint2.o: gsstruct.h gxftype.h gxfont1.h gxtype1.h gscrypt1.h gstype1.h
gxhint2.o: gxop1.h

gxhint3.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxhint3.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxarith.h gxfixed.h
gxhint3.o: gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxfont.h gsccode.h gsfont.h gsuid.h
gxhint3.o: gsstruct.h gxftype.h gxfont1.h gxtype1.h gscrypt1.h gstype1.h
gxhint3.o: gxop1.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h gspenum.h gsrect.h
gxhint3.o: gsrefct.h

gxht.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxht.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gsbitops.h
gxht.o: gsutil.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h
gxht.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsropt.h gxfixed.h
gxht.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gxht.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
gxht.o: gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gzht.h gxht.h
gxht.o: gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxfmap.h gxfrac.h gxdht.h

gxi12bit.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxi12bit.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h
gxi12bit.o: gxfixed.h gxfrac.h gxarith.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gsccolor.h
gxi12bit.o: gsstruct.h gspaint.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gxi12bit.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h
gxi12bit.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gxi12bit.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gscsel.h gxfmap.h
gxi12bit.o: gxtmap.h gxdcolor.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h gzpath.h
gxi12bit.o: gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gxdevmem.h gxcpath.h
gxi12bit.o: gximage.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h strimpl.h scommon.h siscale.h
gxi12bit.o: gconfigv.h gxdda.h gxiparam.h gxsample.h

gxicolor.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxicolor.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h
gxicolor.o: gxfixed.h gxfrac.h gxarith.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gsccolor.h
gxicolor.o: gsstruct.h gspaint.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h
gxicolor.o: gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gxicolor.o: gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gxicolor.o: gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h
gxicolor.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h
gxicolor.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h
gxicolor.o: gxdcconv.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gxdevmem.h
gxicolor.o: gxcpath.h gximage.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h strimpl.h scommon.h
gxicolor.o: siscale.h gconfigv.h gxdda.h gxiparam.h gxsample.h

gxidata.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gxidata.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gserrors.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gxidata.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gxidata.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gxidata.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gxidata.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcpath.h gximage.h
gxidata.o: gxcspace.h gscspace.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h strimpl.h scommon.h
gxidata.o: siscale.h gconfigv.h gxdda.h gxiparam.h gxsample.h

gxifast.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gxifast.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gpcheck.h gsbittab.h gserrors.h
gxifast.o: gxfixed.h gxarith.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h
gxifast.o: gspaint.h gsutil.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gxifast.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h
gxifast.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gxifast.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gscsel.h gxfmap.h gxfrac.h
gxifast.o: gxtmap.h gxdcolor.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h gzpath.h
gxifast.o: gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h
gxifast.o: gxbitops.h gxcpath.h gximage.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h strimpl.h
gxifast.o: scommon.h siscale.h gconfigv.h gxdda.h gxiparam.h gxsample.h
gxifast.o: gzht.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxdht.h

gxiinit.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gxiinit.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h math_.h memory_.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h
gxiinit.o: gsstruct.h gsutil.h gxfixed.h gxfrac.h gxarith.h gxmatrix.h
gxiinit.o: gsmatrix.h gsccolor.h gspaint.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h
gxiinit.o: gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gxiinit.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h
gxiinit.o: gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h
gxiinit.o: gxstate.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h
gxiinit.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gzpath.h gxpath.h
gxiinit.o: gspenum.h gsrect.h gzcpath.h gxcpath.h gxdevmem.h gximage.h
gxiinit.o: gxcspace.h gscspace.h strimpl.h scommon.h siscale.h gconfigv.h
gxiinit.o: gxdda.h gxiparam.h gxsample.h gdevmrop.h

gximage3.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gximage3.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsbitops.h
gximage3.o: gscspace.h gsiparm3.h gsiparam.h gsmatrix.h gsstruct.h gxdevice.h
gximage3.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gximage3.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
gximage3.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gximage3.o: gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxclipm.h gxmclip.h gxclip.h gxiparam.h
gximage3.o: gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h

gximage4.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gximage4.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gscspace.h gsiparm3.h
gximage4.o: gsiparam.h gsmatrix.h gsiparm4.h gxiparam.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gximage4.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gximage4.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
gximage4.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h

gximono.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gximono.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h gxfixed.h
gximono.o: gxarith.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gspaint.h
gximono.o: gsutil.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gxbitmap.h
gximono.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gximono.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gximono.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gscsel.h gxfmap.h gxfrac.h gxtmap.h
gximono.o: gxdcolor.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h gzpath.h gxpath.h
gximono.o: gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h
gximono.o: gxcpath.h gximage.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h strimpl.h scommon.h
gximono.o: siscale.h gconfigv.h gxdda.h gxiparam.h gxsample.h gzht.h gxht.h
gximono.o: gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxdht.h

gxiscale.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxiscale.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h math_.h memory_.h gpcheck.h
gxiscale.o: gserrors.h gxfixed.h gxfrac.h gxarith.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h
gxiscale.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gspaint.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gxiscale.o: gsdcolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gxiscale.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h
gxiscale.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gscsel.h
gxiscale.o: gxfmap.h gxtmap.h gxdcolor.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gxiscale.o: gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gxdevmem.h gxcpath.h
gxiscale.o: gximage.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h strimpl.h scommon.h siscale.h
gxiscale.o: gconfigv.h gxdda.h gxiparam.h gxsample.h

gxmclip.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gxmclip.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gxmclip.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gxmclip.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h
gxmclip.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gxmclip.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxmclip.h gxclip.h

gxp1fill.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxp1fill.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsrop.h gsropt.h
gxp1fill.o: gsmatrix.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gscsel.h
gxp1fill.o: gxfrac.h gxcolor2.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h
gxp1fill.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h
gxp1fill.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h
gxp1fill.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gxp1fill.o: gxdevmem.h gxclip2.h gxmclip.h gxclip.h gxpcolor.h gxpcache.h
gxp1fill.o: gxp1fill.h

gxpaint.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gxpaint.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h
gxpaint.o: gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gxpaint.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h
gxpaint.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h
gxpaint.o: gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h
gxpaint.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h
gxpaint.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxpaint.h gxpath.h
gxpaint.o: gspenum.h gsrect.h

gxpath2.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxpath2.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxfixed.h gxarith.h
gxpath2.o: gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gsmatrix.h
gxpath2.o: gsrefct.h gsstruct.h

gxpath.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gxpath.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gxfixed.h gzpath.h
gxpath.o: gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gsmatrix.h gsrefct.h

gxpcmap.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxpcmap.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gxpcmap.o: gsutil.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h
gxpcmap.o: gsccolor.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxcolor2.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h
gxpcmap.o: gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h
gxpcmap.o: gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h
gxpcmap.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gxpcmap.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h
gxpcmap.o: gxpcolor.h gxpcache.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gxistate.h gxline.h
gxpcmap.o: gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h
gxpcmap.o: gxstate.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gzcpath.h gxcpath.h

gxpcopy.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxpcopy.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gconfigv.h gxfixed.h
gxpcopy.o: gxfarith.h gxarith.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h
gxpcopy.o: gspenum.h gsrect.h gsmatrix.h gsrefct.h gsstruct.h

gxpdash.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxpdash.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gsmatrix.h gscoord.h gxfixed.h
gxpdash.o: gsline.h gslparam.h gzline.h gxline.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h
gxpdash.o: gspenum.h gsrect.h gsrefct.h gsstruct.h

gxpflat.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gxpflat.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxarith.h gxfixed.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h
gxpflat.o: gslparam.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gsmatrix.h gsrefct.h gsstruct.h

gxsample.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxsample.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxsample.h

gxshade1.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxshade1.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsmatrix.h gscoord.h
gxshade1.o: gspath.h gspenum.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h
gxshade1.o: gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gxshade1.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxfarith.h
gxshade1.o: gconfigv.h gxfixed.h gxistate.h gsrefct.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h
gxshade1.o: gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gsrect.h
gxshade1.o: gxshade.h gsshade.h gsdsrc.h gsfunc.h stream.h scommon.h

gxshade4.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxshade4.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsmatrix.h gscoord.h
gxshade4.o: gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h
gxshade4.o: gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gxshade4.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h
gxshade4.o: gsrefct.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gxshade4.o: gsccode.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h
gxshade4.o: gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gxshade.h gsshade.h gsdsrc.h
gxshade4.o: gsfunc.h stream.h scommon.h gxshade4.h

gxshade6.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxshade6.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsmatrix.h gscoord.h
gxshade6.o: gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h
gxshade6.o: gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gxshade6.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gsrefct.h gxcvalue.h
gxshade6.o: gxfixed.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gxshade.h
gxshade6.o: gsshade.h gsdsrc.h gsfunc.h stream.h scommon.h gxshade4.h
gxshade6.o: gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h

gxshade.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxshade.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsrect.h gxcspace.h
gxshade.o: gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gscie.h
gxshade.o: gsrefct.h gxctable.h gxfixed.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gxshade.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gxshade.o: gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h
gxshade.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h
gxshade.o: gxtmap.h gxdht.h gscsepnm.h gxhttype.h gxpaint.h gxshade.h
gxshade.o: gsshade.h gsdsrc.h gsfunc.h stream.h scommon.h

gxstroke.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxstroke.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h gsdcolor.h
gxstroke.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gxstroke.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gxfixed.h gxfarith.h gconfigv.h gxmatrix.h
gxstroke.o: gsmatrix.h gscoord.h gsdevice.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gxstroke.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h
gxstroke.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxistate.h gscsel.h
gxstroke.o: gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gzline.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h
gxstroke.o: gspenum.h gsrect.h gzcpath.h gxcpath.h gxpaint.h

gxtype1.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxtype1.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsccode.h gsline.h
gxtype1.o: gslparam.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxfixed.h gxistate.h gscsel.h
gxtype1.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h
gxtype1.o: gxtmap.h gxcoord.h gscoord.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h
gxtype1.o: gxfont1.h gxtype1.h gscrypt1.h gstype1.h gxop1.h gzpath.h gxpath.h
gxtype1.o: gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h

ialloc.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
ialloc.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h errors.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h iref.h
ialloc.o: iastate.h gxalloc.h gsalloc.h gxobj.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
ialloc.o: istruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h ipacked.h iutil.h
ialloc.o: store.h

ibnum.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
ibnum.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h errors.h
ibnum.o: stream.h scommon.h gsstruct.h ibnum.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
ibnum.o: gsalloc.h iutil.h

iccinit0.o: stdpre.h

iconfig.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gconf.h
iconfig.o: gconfig.h ../config.h iref.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h opdef.h iminst.h

icontext.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
icontext.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gsstruct.h gxalloc.h
icontext.o: gsalloc.h gxobj.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h errors.h stream.h
icontext.o: scommon.h files.h idict.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
icontext.o: gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h
icontext.o: icontext.h icstate.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h interp.h isave.h
icontext.o: dstack.h idstack.h istack.h estack.h iestack.h ostack.h iostack.h
icontext.o: store.h ialloc.h

idebug.o: string_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
idebug.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h ialloc.h imemory.h
idebug.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idebug.h idict.h iname.h inames.h
idebug.o: ipacked.h istack.h iutil.h opdef.h

idict.o: string_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
idict.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h errors.h imemory.h
idict.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idebug.h inamedef.h inames.h gconfigv.h
idict.o: gsstruct.h iname.h ipacked.h isave.h store.h ialloc.h idict.h
idict.o: idictdef.h iutil.h idstack.h istack.h

idparam.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
idparam.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h errors.h
idparam.o: gsmatrix.h gsuid.h idict.h idparam.h ilevel.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
idparam.o: gsgc.h gsalloc.h iname.h inames.h iutil.h oper.h ostack.h
idparam.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h store.h ialloc.h

idstack.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
idstack.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h idict.h idictdef.h idstack.h
idstack.o: istack.h inamedef.h inames.h gconfigv.h gsstruct.h iname.h
idstack.o: ipacked.h iutil.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h

igcstr.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
igcstr.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gsmdebug.h
igcstr.o: gsstruct.h iastate.h gxalloc.h gsalloc.h gxobj.h gxbitmap.h
igcstr.o: gsbitmap.h istruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h igcstr.h

igc.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
igc.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h errors.h gsexit.h
igc.o: gsmdebug.h gsstruct.h gsutil.h iastate.h gxalloc.h gsalloc.h gxobj.h
igc.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h istruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
igc.o: isave.h isstate.h idict.h ipacked.h igc.h igcstr.h inamedef.h inames.h
igc.o: gconfigv.h opdef.h

iinit.o: string_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
iinit.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gscdefs.h gconfigv.h
iinit.o: gsexit.h gsstruct.h errors.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
iinit.o: gsalloc.h idict.h dstack.h idstack.h istack.h ilevel.h iname.h
iinit.o: inames.h interp.h ipacked.h iparray.h iutil.h opdef.h store.h

ilocate.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
ilocate.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h memory_.h errors.h gsexit.h
ilocate.o: gsstruct.h iastate.h gxalloc.h gsalloc.h gxobj.h gxbitmap.h
ilocate.o: gsbitmap.h istruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h idict.h
ilocate.o: igc.h igcstr.h iname.h inames.h ipacked.h isstate.h iutil.h
ilocate.o: store.h

imainarg.o: ctype_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
imainarg.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
imainarg.o: gp.h gpgetenv.h gsargs.h gscdefs.h gconfigv.h gsmalloc.h
imainarg.o: gsmdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
imainarg.o: gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
imainarg.o: gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
imainarg.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
imainarg.o: gxdevmem.h gsdevice.h stream.h scommon.h errors.h estack.h
imainarg.o: iestack.h istack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
imainarg.o: strimpl.h sfilter.h ostack.h iostack.h iscan.h sa85x.h sstring.h
imainarg.o: imain.h gsexit.h imainarg.h iminst.h iname.h inames.h store.h
imainarg.o: files.h interp.h iutil.h

imain.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
imain.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gp.h
imain.o: gpgetenv.h gslib.h gsmatrix.h gsutil.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
imain.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
imain.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
imain.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
imain.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h errors.h oper.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h
imain.o: opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h idebug.h idict.h iname.h
imain.o: inames.h dstack.h idstack.h estack.h iestack.h stream.h scommon.h
imain.o: files.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h strimpl.h
imain.o: sfilter.h iscan.h sa85x.h sstring.h main.h imain.h gsexit.h iminst.h
imain.o: store.h isave.h interp.h

iname.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
iname.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gsstruct.h
iname.o: gxobj.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h errors.h inamedef.h inames.h
iname.o: gconfigv.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h isave.h store.h
iname.o: ialloc.h

interp.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
interp.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gsstruct.h
interp.o: stream.h scommon.h errors.h estack.h iestack.h istack.h ialloc.h
interp.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h iastruct.h gxobj.h gxbitmap.h
interp.o: gsbitmap.h icontext.h icstate.h inamedef.h inames.h gconfigv.h
interp.o: iname.h interp.h ipacked.h ostack.h iostack.h strimpl.h sfilter.h
interp.o: iscan.h sa85x.h sstring.h idict.h isave.h iutil.h dstack.h
interp.o: idstack.h files.h oper.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h store.h

iparam.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
iparam.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h errors.h
iparam.o: oper.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
iparam.o: iutil.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h
iparam.o: iname.h inames.h iparam.h gsparam.h store.h

ireclaim.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
ireclaim.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h errors.h gsstruct.h
ireclaim.o: iastate.h gxalloc.h gsalloc.h gxobj.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
ireclaim.o: istruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h icontext.h
ireclaim.o: icstate.h interp.h isave.h isstate.h dstack.h idstack.h istack.h
ireclaim.o: estack.h iestack.h ostack.h iostack.h opdef.h store.h

isave.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
isave.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h memory_.h errors.h gsexit.h
isave.o: gsstruct.h stream.h scommon.h iastate.h gxalloc.h gsalloc.h gxobj.h
isave.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h istruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
isave.o: inamedef.h inames.h gconfigv.h iname.h ipacked.h isave.h isstate.h
isave.o: store.h gsutil.h

iscanbin.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
iscanbin.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gsutil.h
iscanbin.o: stream.h scommon.h gsstruct.h strimpl.h sfilter.h errors.h
iscanbin.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h dstack.h
iscanbin.o: idstack.h istack.h ostack.h iostack.h iname.h inames.h iscan.h
iscanbin.o: sa85x.h sstring.h iutil.h store.h btoken.h ibnum.h

iscannum.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
iscannum.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h errors.h
iscannum.o: scommon.h gsstruct.h iscannum.h scanchar.h store.h ialloc.h
iscannum.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

iscan.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
iscan.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h memory_.h stream.h scommon.h
iscan.o: gsstruct.h errors.h files.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
iscan.o: gsalloc.h idict.h dstack.h idstack.h istack.h ilevel.h iname.h
iscan.o: inames.h ipacked.h iparray.h strimpl.h sfilter.h ostack.h iostack.h
iscan.o: iscan.h sa85x.h sstring.h iscannum.h istream.h istruct.h iutil.h
iscan.o: store.h scanchar.h

istack.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
istack.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gsstruct.h gsutil.h
istack.o: errors.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h istack.h
istack.o: istruct.h iutil.h store.h

iutil2.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
iutil2.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h errors.h
iutil2.o: opcheck.h gsparam.h gsutil.h idict.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
iutil2.o: gsalloc.h iutil.h iutil2.h

iutil.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
iutil.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
iutil.o: errors.h idict.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h iname.h
iutil.o: inames.h ipacked.h iutil.h oper.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h
iutil.o: opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h store.h ialloc.h gsccode.h gsmatrix.h
iutil.o: gsutil.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gsstruct.h gxftype.h

sbcp.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h
sbcp.o: gstypes.h gsstruct.h sfilter.h

sbhc.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h stdio_.h gdebug.h strimpl.h scommon.h
sbhc.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h sbhc.h shc.h gsbittab.h
sbhc.o: shcgen.h

sbwbs.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gdebug.h strimpl.h scommon.h
sbwbs.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h sfilter.h sbwbs.h

scantab.o: stdpre.h scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h
scantab.o: scanchar.h

scfdtab.o: std.h stdpre.h scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h
scfdtab.o: gsstruct.h scf.h shc.h gsbittab.h

scfd.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gdebug.h strimpl.h scommon.h
scfd.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h scf.h shc.h gsbittab.h
scfd.o: scfx.h

scfetab.o: std.h stdpre.h scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h
scfetab.o: gsstruct.h scf.h shc.h gsbittab.h

scfe.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gdebug.h strimpl.h scommon.h
scfe.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h scf.h shc.h gsbittab.h
scfe.o: scfx.h

scfparam.o: std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gserrors.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
scfparam.o: gsmemraw.h gsparam.h scommon.h gsstruct.h scf.h shc.h gsbittab.h
scfparam.o: scfx.h

sdcparam.o: ../config.h memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gserrors.h
sdcparam.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsparam.h strimpl.h scommon.h
sdcparam.o: gsstruct.h sdct.h sdcparam.h sjpeg.h

sdctc.o: ../config.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsmalloc.h
sdctc.o: strimpl.h scommon.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h sdct.h

sdctd.o: ../config.h memory_.h std.h stdpre.h stdio_.h gdebug.h gsmemory.h
sdctd.o: gsmemraw.h gsmalloc.h strimpl.h scommon.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h
sdctd.o: sdct.h sjpeg.h

sdcte.o: ../config.h memory_.h std.h stdpre.h stdio_.h gdebug.h gsmemory.h
sdcte.o: gsmemraw.h gsmalloc.h strimpl.h scommon.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h
sdcte.o: sdct.h sjpeg.h

sddparam.o: ../config.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gserrors.h gstypes.h
sddparam.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsparam.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsstruct.h
sddparam.o: sdct.h sdcparam.h sjpeg.h

sdeparam.o: ../config.h memory_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gserrors.h
sdeparam.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsparam.h strimpl.h scommon.h
sdeparam.o: gsstruct.h sdct.h sdcparam.h sjpeg.h

seexec.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h
seexec.o: gstypes.h gsstruct.h sfilter.h gscrypt1.h scanchar.h

sfilter1.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h
sfilter1.o: gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h sfilter.h

sfilter2.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h
sfilter2.o: gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h sa85x.h sbtx.h scanchar.h

sfxstdio.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h stream.h
sfxstdio.o: scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h strimpl.h

shcgen.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h stdio_.h gdebug.h gserror.h gserrors.h
shcgen.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h scommon.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h shc.h
shcgen.o: gsbittab.h shcgen.h

shc.o: std.h stdpre.h scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h
shc.o: shc.h gsbittab.h

siscale.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h stdio_.h strimpl.h scommon.h
siscale.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h siscale.h gconfigv.h

sjpegc.o: ../config.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h gx.h gserror.h gsio.h
sjpegc.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h strimpl.h
sjpegc.o: scommon.h gsstruct.h sdct.h sjpeg.h

sjpegd.o: ../config.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h gx.h gserror.h gsio.h
sjpegd.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h strimpl.h
sjpegd.o: scommon.h gsstruct.h sdct.h sjpeg.h

sjpegerr.o: ../config.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h

sjpege.o: ../config.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h gx.h gserror.h gsio.h
sjpege.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h strimpl.h
sjpege.o: scommon.h gsstruct.h sdct.h sjpeg.h

slzwce.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gdebug.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h
slzwce.o: gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h slzwx.h

slzwc.o: std.h stdpre.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h
slzwc.o: gsstruct.h slzwx.h

slzwd.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gdebug.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h
slzwd.o: gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h slzwx.h

smtf.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h
smtf.o: gstypes.h gsstruct.h smtf.h

spcxd.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h
spcxd.o: gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h spcxx.h

spdiff.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h
spdiff.o: gstypes.h gsstruct.h spdiffx.h

spngp.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h
spngp.o: gstypes.h gsstruct.h spngpx.h

srld.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h
srld.o: gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h srlx.h

srle.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h
srle.o: gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h srlx.h

sstring.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h string_.h strimpl.h scommon.h
sstring.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h sstring.h scanchar.h

stream.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h stream.h
stream.o: scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h strimpl.h

szlibc.o: ../config.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gserrors.h gstypes.h
szlibc.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsmalloc.h gsstruct.h strimpl.h scommon.h
szlibc.o: szlibxx.h szlibx.h

szlibd.o: ../config.h std.h stdpre.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsmalloc.h
szlibd.o: strimpl.h scommon.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h szlibxx.h szlibx.h

szlibe.o: ../config.h std.h stdpre.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsmalloc.h
szlibe.o: strimpl.h scommon.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h szlibxx.h szlibx.h

zarith.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zarith.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zarith.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zarith.o: store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zarray.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zarray.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h ialloc.h imemory.h
zarray.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h ipacked.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zarray.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h store.h

zbseq.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zbseq.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zbseq.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zbseq.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h btoken.h store.h

zcfont.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zcfont.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zcfont.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gschar.h
zcfont.o: gsccode.h gscpm.h gsmatrix.h gxfixed.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h
zcfont.o: gsstruct.h gxftype.h gxchar.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsrefct.h estack.h
zcfont.o: iestack.h ichar.h ifont.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
zcfont.o: gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h
zcfont.o: store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zchar1.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zchar1.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zchar1.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gsstruct.h
zchar1.o: gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxchar.h gschar.h gsccode.h gscpm.h
zchar1.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsrefct.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
zchar1.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
zchar1.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
zchar1.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h gxfont1.h
zchar1.o: gxtype1.h gscrypt1.h gstype1.h gxop1.h gzstate.h gxdcolor.h
zchar1.o: gscsel.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h
zchar1.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gspaint.h gspath.h
zchar1.o: gspenum.h estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zchar1.o: gsalloc.h ichar.h icharout.h idict.h ifont.h igstate.h istruct.h
zchar1.o: iname.h inames.h store.h

zchar2.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zchar2.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zchar2.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gschar.h
zchar2.o: gsccode.h gscpm.h gsmatrix.h gsstruct.h gxfixed.h gxfont.h gsfont.h
zchar2.o: gsuid.h gxftype.h gxchar.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsrefct.h estack.h
zchar2.o: iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h ichar.h
zchar2.o: ifont.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h
zchar2.o: gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h iname.h
zchar2.o: inames.h store.h stream.h scommon.h ibnum.h gspath.h gspenum.h

zchar32.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zchar32.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zchar32.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gsccode.h
zchar32.o: gsmatrix.h gsutil.h gxfixed.h gxchar.h gschar.h gscpm.h gxtext.h
zchar32.o: gstext.h gsrefct.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gsstruct.h gxftype.h
zchar32.o: gxfcache.h gsxfont.h gxbcache.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h ifont.h
zchar32.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zchar32.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h store.h ialloc.h
zchar32.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zchar42.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zchar42.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zchar42.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gsmatrix.h
zchar42.o: gspaint.h gspath.h gspenum.h gxfixed.h gxchar.h gschar.h gsccode.h
zchar42.o: gscpm.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsrefct.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h
zchar42.o: gsstruct.h gxftype.h gxfont42.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gsropt.h
zchar42.o: gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gxpath.h
zchar42.o: gsrect.h gzstate.h gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h
zchar42.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsstate.h
zchar42.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h dstack.h idstack.h
zchar42.o: estack.h iestack.h ichar.h icharout.h ifont.h igstate.h istruct.h
zchar42.o: store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zcharout.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zcharout.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zcharout.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gschar.h
zcharout.o: gsccode.h gscpm.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
zcharout.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
zcharout.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h
zcharout.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsparam.h
zcharout.o: gsmalloc.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h dstack.h idstack.h
zcharout.o: estack.h iestack.h ichar.h icharout.h idict.h ifont.h igstate.h
zcharout.o: gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h
zcharout.o: gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h
zcharout.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zchar.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zchar.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zchar.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gsstruct.h
zchar.o: gxarith.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxchar.h gschar.h
zchar.o: gsccode.h gscpm.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsrefct.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
zchar.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
zchar.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
zchar.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h gzpath.h
zchar.o: gxpath.h gslparam.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gzstate.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h
zchar.o: gxistate.h gxline.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h
zchar.o: gsht.h gxstate.h dstack.h idstack.h estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h
zchar.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h ichar.h idict.h ifont.h
zchar.o: igstate.h istruct.h ilevel.h iname.h inames.h ipacked.h store.h

zcid.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zcid.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zcid.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gsmatrix.h
zcid.o: gsccode.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gsstruct.h gxftype.h bfont.h
zcid.o: ifont.h iname.h inames.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zcid.o: gsalloc.h

zcie.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zcie.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zcie.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zcie.o: iutil.h gsstruct.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h
zcie.o: gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
zcie.o: gscie.h gsrefct.h gxctable.h gxfixed.h estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h
zcie.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h igstate.h
zcie.o: gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h
zcie.o: gxstate.h istruct.h icie.h isave.h store.h

zcolor1.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zcolor1.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zcolor1.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h estack.h
zcolor1.o: iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h igstate.h
zcolor1.o: gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h
zcolor1.o: gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h store.h gxfixed.h
zcolor1.o: gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h
zcolor1.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
zcolor1.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h
zcolor1.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h
zcolor1.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h gxfrac.h
zcolor1.o: gscolor1.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h icolor.h iimage.h

zcolor2.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zcolor2.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zcolor2.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gscolor.h
zcolor2.o: gxtmap.h gsmatrix.h gsstruct.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h
zcolor2.o: gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxfixed.h gxcolor2.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h
zcolor2.o: gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h
zcolor2.o: gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h
zcolor2.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
zcolor2.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h
zcolor2.o: gxpcolor.h gxpcache.h estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h
zcolor2.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h istruct.h idict.h idparam.h igstate.h
zcolor2.o: gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gsht.h gxstate.h store.h

zcolor.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zcolor.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zcolor.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h estack.h
zcolor.o: iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h igstate.h
zcolor.o: gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h
zcolor.o: gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h store.h gxfixed.h
zcolor.o: gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h
zcolor.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
zcolor.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h
zcolor.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h
zcolor.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h gxfrac.h
zcolor.o: icolor.h

zcontrol.o: string_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zcontrol.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h stream.h
zcontrol.o: scommon.h gsstruct.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h
zcontrol.o: opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h estack.h iestack.h files.h
zcontrol.o: ipacked.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zcrd.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zcrd.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zcrd.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zcrd.o: gsstruct.h gscspace.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsccolor.h
zcrd.o: gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gscrd.h gscie.h gsrefct.h gxctable.h
zcrd.o: gxfixed.h gxfrac.h estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
zcrd.o: gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
zcrd.o: gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h
zcrd.o: istruct.h icie.h store.h

zcsdevn.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zcsdevn.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zcsdevn.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gxcspace.h
zcsdevn.o: gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gscolor2.h
zcsdevn.o: gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h igstate.h
zcsdevn.o: gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h
zcsdevn.o: gxstate.h istruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zcsdevn.o: iname.h inames.h

zcsindex.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zcsindex.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zcsindex.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zcsindex.o: gsstruct.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsmatrix.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h
zcsindex.o: gsccolor.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxfixed.h gxcolor2.h gscolor2.h
zcsindex.o: gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsrefct.h
zcsindex.o: estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zcsindex.o: icsmap.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h
zcsindex.o: gsht.h gxstate.h istruct.h store.h

zcspixel.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zcspixel.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zcspixel.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h igstate.h
zcspixel.o: gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h
zcspixel.o: gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h gscspace.h
zcspixel.o: gsmatrix.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsccolor.h gsuid.h
zcspixel.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gscpixel.h

zcssepr.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zcssepr.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zcssepr.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gsstruct.h
zcssepr.o: gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsmatrix.h gscsepr.h gscspace.h gxcspace.h
zcssepr.o: gsccolor.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxfixed.h gxcolor2.h gscolor2.h
zcssepr.o: gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsrefct.h
zcssepr.o: estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zcssepr.o: icsmap.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gsht.h
zcssepr.o: gxstate.h istruct.h store.h

zdevcal.o: time_.h std.h stdpre.h ../config.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zdevcal.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gxiodev.h
zdevcal.o: stat_.h istack.h iparam.h gsparam.h

zdevice2.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zdevice2.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zdevice2.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zdevice2.o: iutil.h dstack.h idstack.h estack.h iestack.h idict.h idparam.h
zdevice2.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zdevice2.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h iname.h
zdevice2.o: inames.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zdevice2.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h
zdevice2.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h
zdevice2.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h
zdevice2.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h

zdevice.o: string_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zdevice.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zdevice.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zdevice.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h igstate.h
zdevice.o: gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h
zdevice.o: gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h iname.h inames.h interp.h
zdevice.o: iparam.h gsparam.h gsmatrix.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
zdevice.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
zdevice.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
zdevice.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsmalloc.h
zdevice.o: gxgetbit.h gxbitfmt.h store.h

zdict.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zdict.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zdict.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h idict.h
zdict.o: dstack.h idstack.h ilevel.h iname.h inames.h ipacked.h ivmspace.h
zdict.o: gsgc.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h gsalloc.h

zdps1.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zdps1.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zdps1.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gsmatrix.h
zdps1.o: gspath.h gspenum.h gspath2.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
zdps1.o: gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h ialloc.h imemory.h
zdps1.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h igstate.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h
zdps1.o: store.h stream.h scommon.h ibnum.h

zfbcp.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfbcp.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zfbcp.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zfbcp.o: gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h stream.h
zfbcp.o: scommon.h strimpl.h sfilter.h ifilter.h istream.h

zfcmap.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zfcmap.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zfcmap.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gsmatrix.h
zfcmap.o: gsstruct.h gsutil.h gxfcmap.h gsfcmap.h gsccode.h gsuid.h gxfont.h
zfcmap.o: gsfont.h gxftype.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zfcmap.o: idict.h idparam.h ifont.h iname.h inames.h store.h

zfdctd.o: ../config.h memory_.h std.h stdpre.h stdio_.h ghost.h gx.h
zfdctd.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
zfdctd.o: oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h
zfdctd.o: opcheck.h iutil.h gsmalloc.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsstruct.h sdct.h
zfdctd.o: sjpeg.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h ifilter.h
zfdctd.o: istream.h iparam.h gsparam.h

zfdcte.o: ../config.h memory_.h std.h stdpre.h stdio_.h ghost.h gx.h
zfdcte.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
zfdcte.o: oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h
zfdcte.o: opcheck.h iutil.h gsmalloc.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zfdcte.o: gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsstruct.h sdct.h
zfdcte.o: sjpeg.h ifilter.h istream.h iparam.h gsparam.h

zfdecode.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfdecode.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zfdecode.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zfdecode.o: gsparam.h gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zfdecode.o: gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h ilevel.h iparam.h store.h stream.h
zfdecode.o: scommon.h strimpl.h sfilter.h sa85x.h scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h
zfdecode.o: scf.h slzwx.h spdiffx.h spngpx.h ifilter.h istream.h

zfileio.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zfileio.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gp.h gpgetenv.h oper.h
zfileio.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zfileio.o: iutil.h stream.h scommon.h gsstruct.h files.h store.h ialloc.h
zfileio.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h strimpl.h ifilter.h
zfileio.o: istream.h gsmatrix.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
zfileio.o: gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
zfileio.o: gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
zfileio.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
zfileio.o: gxdevmem.h

zfile.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zfile.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gscdefs.h
zfile.o: gconfigv.h gp.h gpgetenv.h gsstruct.h gxalloc.h gsalloc.h gxobj.h
zfile.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h
zfile.o: opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h
zfile.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h ilevel.h interp.h isave.h stream.h
zfile.o: scommon.h strimpl.h sfilter.h gxiodev.h stat_.h files.h fname.h
zfile.o: main.h imain.h gsexit.h iminst.h store.h

zfilter2.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfilter2.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zfilter2.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zfilter2.o: gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h
zfilter2.o: idparam.h store.h strimpl.h scommon.h sfilter.h scfx.h shc.h
zfilter2.o: gsbittab.h slzwx.h spdiffx.h spngpx.h ifilter.h istream.h

zfilterx.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfilterx.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zfilterx.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zfilterx.o: gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h
zfilterx.o: idparam.h store.h strimpl.h scommon.h sfilter.h sbwbs.h sbhc.h
zfilterx.o: shc.h gsbittab.h sbtx.h shcgen.h smtf.h spcxx.h ifilter.h
zfilterx.o: istream.h

zfilter.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfilter.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zfilter.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zfilter.o: gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h
zfilter.o: idparam.h ilevel.h stream.h scommon.h strimpl.h sfilter.h srlx.h
zfilter.o: sstring.h ifilter.h istream.h files.h

zfname.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfname.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zfname.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zfname.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h stream.h scommon.h
zfname.o: gsstruct.h gxiodev.h stat_.h fname.h

zfont0.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zfont0.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zfont0.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gsstruct.h
zfont0.o: gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h
zfont0.o: gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
zfont0.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h
zfont0.o: gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
zfont0.o: gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
zfont0.o: gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
zfont0.o: gsmalloc.h gschar.h gxfcmap.h gsfcmap.h gsuid.h gxfont.h gsfont.h
zfont0.o: gxftype.h gxfont0.h bfont.h ifont.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
zfont0.o: gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h igstate.h istruct.h iname.h
zfont0.o: inames.h store.h

zfont1.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zfont1.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zfont1.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gxfixed.h
zfont1.o: gsmatrix.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
zfont1.o: gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
zfont1.o: gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
zfont1.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gschar.h gscpm.h
zfont1.o: gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h gxfont1.h bfont.h ifont.h
zfont1.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h
zfont1.o: store.h

zfont2.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zfont2.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zfont2.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zfont2.o: iutil.h gxfixed.h gsmatrix.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
zfont2.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
zfont2.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h
zfont2.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
zfont2.o: gsmalloc.h gschar.h gscpm.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h
zfont2.o: bfont.h ifont.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zfont2.o: idict.h idparam.h ilevel.h iname.h inames.h interp.h ipacked.h
zfont2.o: istruct.h store.h

zfont32.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zfont32.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zfont32.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gsccode.h
zfont32.o: gsmatrix.h gsutil.h gxfixed.h gxchar.h gschar.h gscpm.h gxtext.h
zfont32.o: gstext.h gsrefct.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gsstruct.h gxftype.h
zfont32.o: bfont.h ifont.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zfont32.o: gsalloc.h

zfont42.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfont42.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zfont42.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zfont42.o: gsccode.h gsmatrix.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gsstruct.h
zfont42.o: gxftype.h gxfont42.h bfont.h ifont.h idict.h idparam.h store.h
zfont42.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zfont.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zfont.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zfont.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gsstruct.h
zfont.o: gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h
zfont.o: gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
zfont.o: gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxline.h
zfont.o: gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
zfont.o: gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
zfont.o: gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
zfont.o: gsmalloc.h gschar.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h gxfcache.h
zfont.o: gxbcache.h bfont.h ifont.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zfont.o: gsalloc.h idict.h igstate.h istruct.h iname.h inames.h isave.h
zfont.o: store.h

zfproc.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfproc.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zfproc.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zfproc.o: estack.h iestack.h gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zfproc.o: gsalloc.h istruct.h stream.h scommon.h strimpl.h ifilter.h
zfproc.o: istream.h files.h store.h

zfreuse.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfreuse.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zfreuse.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zfreuse.o: stream.h scommon.h gsstruct.h strimpl.h sfilter.h files.h idict.h
zfreuse.o: idparam.h iname.h inames.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
zfreuse.o: gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zfunc0.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfunc0.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zfunc0.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zfunc0.o: gsdsrc.h gsstruct.h gsfunc.h gsfunc0.h stream.h scommon.h files.h
zfunc0.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h
zfunc0.o: ifunc.h

zfunc3.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfunc3.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zfunc3.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zfunc3.o: gsfunc3.h gsfunc.h gsdsrc.h gsstruct.h stream.h scommon.h files.h
zfunc3.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h
zfunc3.o: ifunc.h store.h

zfunc.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfunc.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zfunc.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zfunc.o: gsfunc.h gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zfunc.o: idict.h idparam.h ifunc.h store.h

zfzlib.o: ../config.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfzlib.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zfzlib.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zfzlib.o: idict.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsstruct.h spdiffx.h spngpx.h szlibx.h
zfzlib.o: ifilter.h istream.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h

zgeneric.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zgeneric.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zgeneric.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zgeneric.o: estack.h iestack.h idict.h iname.h inames.h ipacked.h ivmspace.h
zgeneric.o: gsgc.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h gsalloc.h

zgstate.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zgstate.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zgstate.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zgstate.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h istruct.h
zgstate.o: gsstruct.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h
zgstate.o: gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h gsmatrix.h store.h

zhsb.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zhsb.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zhsb.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h igstate.h
zhsb.o: gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h
zhsb.o: gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h
zhsb.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h gshsb.h

zht1.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zht1.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h memory_.h oper.h errors.h
zht1.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zht1.o: estack.h iestack.h gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zht1.o: gsalloc.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h
zht1.o: gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsmatrix.h
zht1.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h
zht1.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h
zht1.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
zht1.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gzht.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h
zht1.o: gxhttype.h gxfmap.h gxfrac.h gxdht.h iht.h store.h

zht2.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zht2.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zht2.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gsstruct.h
zht2.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h
zht2.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h
zht2.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
zht2.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gzht.h gscsel.h gxht.h
zht2.o: gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxtmap.h gxfmap.h gxfrac.h
zht2.o: gxdht.h estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zht2.o: gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
zht2.o: gslparam.h gscolor.h gxstate.h istruct.h icolor.h iht.h store.h

zht.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zht.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h memory_.h oper.h errors.h
zht.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zht.o: estack.h iestack.h gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zht.o: gsalloc.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zht.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsmatrix.h gxdevice.h
zht.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
zht.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
zht.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
zht.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gzht.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gxhttype.h
zht.o: gxfmap.h gxfrac.h gxdht.h iht.h store.h

zimage2.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zimage2.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zimage2.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zimage2.o: iutil.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gscspace.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h
zimage2.o: gspcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
zimage2.o: gsmatrix.h gsimage.h gsiparam.h gxfixed.h idict.h idparam.h
zimage2.o: iimage.h iimage2.h ilevel.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
zimage2.o: gsline.h gslparam.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h

zimage3.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zimage3.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zimage3.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zimage3.o: gscspace.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h
zimage3.o: gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsiparm3.h gsiparam.h gsmatrix.h
zimage3.o: gsiparm4.h gxiparam.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h
zimage3.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
zimage3.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h idict.h idparam.h
zimage3.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zimage3.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h iimage.h iimage2.h

zimage.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zimage.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zimage.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h estack.h
zimage.o: iestack.h gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zimage.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zimage.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h ilevel.h store.h
zimage.o: gscspace.h gsmatrix.h gsimage.h gsiparam.h gxiparam.h gxdevcli.h
zimage.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
zimage.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
zimage.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h stream.h scommon.h
zimage.o: ifilter.h istream.h iimage.h

ziodev2.o: string_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
ziodev2.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gp.h gpgetenv.h
ziodev2.o: oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h
ziodev2.o: opcheck.h iutil.h stream.h scommon.h gsstruct.h gxiodev.h stat_.h
ziodev2.o: dstack.h idstack.h files.h iparam.h gsparam.h iutil2.h store.h
ziodev2.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

ziodev.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h stdio_.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h gserror.h
ziodev.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gp.h
ziodev.o: gpgetenv.h gpcheck.h gsstruct.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h
ziodev.o: istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h stream.h scommon.h
ziodev.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h iscan.h sa85x.h
ziodev.o: sstring.h gxiodev.h stat_.h files.h scanchar.h store.h

zmath.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zmath.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gxfarith.h
zmath.o: gconfigv.h gxarith.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h
zmath.o: opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h
zmath.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zmatrix.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zmatrix.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zmatrix.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h igstate.h
zmatrix.o: gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h
zmatrix.o: gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h gsmatrix.h gscoord.h
zmatrix.o: store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zmedia2.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zmedia2.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gsmatrix.h
zmedia2.o: oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h
zmedia2.o: opcheck.h iutil.h idict.h idparam.h iname.h inames.h store.h
zmedia2.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zmisc1.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zmisc1.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zmisc1.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zmisc1.o: gscrypt1.h stream.h scommon.h gsstruct.h strimpl.h sfilter.h
zmisc1.o: idict.h idparam.h ifilter.h istream.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h

zmisc2.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zmisc2.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zmisc2.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zmisc2.o: iutil.h estack.h iestack.h idict.h idparam.h iparam.h gsparam.h
zmisc2.o: dstack.h idstack.h ilevel.h iname.h inames.h iutil2.h ivmspace.h
zmisc2.o: gsgc.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h gsalloc.h

zmisc3.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zmisc3.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gsclipsr.h oper.h errors.h
zmisc3.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zmisc3.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zmisc3.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h store.h
zmisc3.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zmisc.o: errno_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
zmisc.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
zmisc.o: gscdefs.h gconfigv.h gp.h gpgetenv.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zmisc.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h ialloc.h
zmisc.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h dstack.h idstack.h
zmisc.o: iname.h inames.h ipacked.h store.h

zpacked.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zpacked.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h ialloc.h imemory.h
zpacked.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h iname.h inames.h istack.h
zpacked.o: ipacked.h iparray.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h opdef.h
zpacked.o: opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h store.h

zpaint.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zpaint.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zpaint.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gspaint.h
zpaint.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zpaint.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h

zpath1.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zpath1.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zpath1.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zpath1.o: estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zpath1.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zpath1.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h gspath.h
zpath1.o: gspenum.h store.h

zpath.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zpath.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zpath.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zpath.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zpath.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h gsmatrix.h
zpath.o: gspath.h gspenum.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zpath.o: gsalloc.h

zpcolor.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zpcolor.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zpcolor.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gscolor.h
zpcolor.o: gxtmap.h gsmatrix.h gsstruct.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h
zpcolor.o: gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxfixed.h gxcolor2.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h
zpcolor.o: gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h
zpcolor.o: gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h
zpcolor.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
zpcolor.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h
zpcolor.o: gxpcolor.h gxpcache.h estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h
zpcolor.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h istruct.h idict.h idparam.h igstate.h
zpcolor.o: gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gsht.h gxstate.h store.h

zrelbit.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zrelbit.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zrelbit.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h gsutil.h
zrelbit.o: idict.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zshade.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zshade.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zshade.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zshade.o: gscolor3.h gscspace.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsccolor.h
zshade.o: gsstruct.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsfunc3.h gsfunc.h
zshade.o: gsdsrc.h gsshade.h gsmatrix.h stream.h scommon.h files.h ialloc.h
zshade.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h ifunc.h
zshade.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zshade.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h store.h

zstack.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zstack.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h ialloc.h imemory.h
zstack.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h istack.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zstack.o: iostack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h store.h

zstring.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zstring.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gsutil.h ialloc.h
zstring.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h iname.h inames.h oper.h
zstring.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zstring.o: iutil.h store.h

zsysvm.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zsysvm.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zsysvm.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h ialloc.h
zsysvm.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h store.h

ztoken.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
ztoken.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
ztoken.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h estack.h
ztoken.o: iestack.h gsstruct.h stream.h scommon.h files.h store.h ialloc.h
ztoken.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h strimpl.h sfilter.h iscan.h
ztoken.o: sa85x.h sstring.h

ztrap.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
ztrap.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
ztrap.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h ialloc.h
ztrap.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h iparam.h gsparam.h gstrap.h

ztype.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h memory_.h string_.h gsexit.h ghost.h gx.h
ztype.o: stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h
ztype.o: iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h
ztype.o: opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
ztype.o: idict.h iname.h inames.h stream.h scommon.h gsstruct.h strimpl.h
ztype.o: sfilter.h iscan.h sa85x.h sstring.h dstack.h idstack.h store.h
ztype.o: ialloc.h

zupath.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zupath.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zupath.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h idict.h
zupath.o: dstack.h idstack.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
zupath.o: gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h
zupath.o: gsstruct.h iname.h inames.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
zupath.o: gsgc.h gsalloc.h stream.h scommon.h ibnum.h gsmatrix.h gscoord.h
zupath.o: gspaint.h gxfixed.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
zupath.o: gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
zupath.o: gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
zupath.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gspath.h gspenum.h
zupath.o: gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gsrect.h gzstate.h gxdcolor.h gxistate.h
zupath.o: gxline.h gxmatrix.h

zusparam.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
zusparam.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
zusparam.o: oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h
zusparam.o: opcheck.h iutil.h gscdefs.h gconfigv.h gsstruct.h gsfont.h gxht.h
zusparam.o: gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gsrefct.h gxhttype.h gxtmap.h gsutil.h
zusparam.o: estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zusparam.o: icontext.h icstate.h idict.h idparam.h iparam.h gsparam.h
zusparam.o: dstack.h idstack.h iname.h inames.h iutil2.h store.h

zvmem2.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zvmem2.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zvmem2.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h estack.h
zvmem2.o: iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h store.h

zvmem.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zvmem.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gsstruct.h oper.h errors.h
zvmem.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zvmem.o: estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zvmem.o: idict.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zvmem.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h isave.h dstack.h
zvmem.o: idstack.h stream.h scommon.h files.h store.h gsmalloc.h gsmatrix.h

genarch.o: stdpre.h

pstoraster.o: ../cups/cups.h ../cups/ipp.h ../cups/http.h ../cups/md5.h
pstoraster.o: ../cups/ppd.h ../cups/string.h ../config.h ghost.h gx.h
pstoraster.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
pstoraster.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h imain.h gsexit.h iminst.h istack.h
pstoraster.o: interp.h ostack.h iostack.h opextern.h gscdefs.h gconfigv.h
pstoraster.o: store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
